New docs for subdomain configuration (#699)
mintlify/docs: advanced/subpath/vercel.mdx

---
title: "Vercel"
description: "Host documentation at a subpath using Vercel"
---

import { VercelJsonGenerator } from "/snippets/vercel-json-generator.mdx";

<Steps>
  <Step title="Move your docs files">

>     Edit your file structure so that all your files are within a folder which is your custom subpath. So if you want to host your docs at `/docs` you would do the following:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Create a folder with the same name as your custom subpath and add all your documentation files to the folder. If you want to host your docs at `/docs`, you would do the following:
```

I want to make it clear to people what files they need to add to the directory since it looks like `docs.json` should remain outside the subpath directory. Please let me know if this isn't accurate though. Goal is that people quickly know what to organize into their subpath folder.

Reviewer 2: This makes sense to me

    ```
    /docs
      introduction.mdx
      navigation.mdx
    docs.json
    ```
  </Step>
  <Step title="Configure your vercel.json">

>     In your main website add the following rewrites to your `vercel.json`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    In your main website add the following rewrites to your `vercel.json` file.
```

This is tiny, but the sentence feels incomplete as is.
